Harald Gehrig
sure Palfinger ksta
the money comes from
this has more
Dr
but I am it for 27 is a video I'll show you
Veit can install in Pecs percent GTA San Andreas
First of all, what is your goal?
Cavs is a murder
Amann GTA San Andreas can install to improve the graphics and
more realistic
So this lesson
Lighting effects and so on
what that is exactly and what it looks like CG
In principle, the installation is quite simple
their party wants to target but is the gate
opens is anxious
Do you go to your GTA San Andreas installation?
and just adds the entire content of the folder so its pointed here
in the GTA order
everything
the Wars already her is now easy in Geneva is also in Brixen
count as well as online
then you threaten your writing and f12 then you activate
if there are too many of you there you can press Schulz Essen 9 because that
I believe
and sprint the loo stone on an am
pending
and with pin at 8 and s11 Commander also something easy to do
so why so
Chief of the Tibetan I believe
And here everything prepares no lags or as you have seen in the video
everything is running smoothly
yes, have fun with all this year's motto
Until next time